# CS305 - Artemis Financial Security Report
## Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?
Artemis Financial is a large financial institution that handles client's money, financial transacations, and planning.  They wished to identify any potential security issues that they may have had with their platform and recommend how to fix and ultimately secure their platform.
## What did you do particularly well in identifying their software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing?
I was able to identify potential security vulnerabilities within their code base and underlying dependencies with good consistency.  It is imperative to code securely in order to safeguard company and client data as well as ensure that the application cannot be easily attacked or tampered with via an unsecured vulnerability.  Software security is adept at adding peace of mind to a company's overall wellbeing, while ensuring that functional, legal, or reputational damage is minimized.
## What about the process of working through the vulnerability assessment did you find challenging or helpful?
I found that thinking through a myriad of different possible areas of security helped in planning out a potential application.  When all areas of vulnerability are considered before starting an application, it is more likely that the final application will be secure in those areas.
## How did you approach the need to increase layers of security? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to assess vulnerabilities and determine mitigation techniques?
I took a step-by-step approach to increasing layers of security.  I would initially look for potential security issues in the documentation and requirements section, and then see if those potential issues had been addressed in the creation and implementation of the application.  If a particular area of vulnerability had been found in the documentation, but not addressed, it would be added.  The next step would then involve checking through the code base in order to determine if correct coding practices had been followed, and then fixing any issues that were found.
## How did you ensure the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
Code and software were tested to see if they were working properly.  If they were not, then they were corrected and tested again to ensure that new security measures were effective.
## What resources, tools, or coding practices did you employ that you might find helpful in future assignments or tasks?
The maven tool was especially effective in helping to manage the various dependencies that a project used, and I expect to use it again at some point.
## Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to demonstrate your skills, knowledge, and experience. What from this particular assignment might you want to showcase to a future employer?
I believe that looking through dependencies and checking to make sure things are updated correctly will be a valuable skill to bring to a future employer. 
